ReStruct is distributed under the GNU General Public License version 3 and is
also available under alternative licenses negotiated directly with Web Heroes
Inc.  If you obtained ReStruct under the GPL, then the GPL applies to all
ReStruct modules used on your system as well, except as defined below. The GPL
(version 3) is included in this source tree in the file COPYING.

Web Heroes Inc. holds copyright and/or sufficient licenses to all components of
the ReStruct package, and therefore can grant, at its sole discretion, the
ability for companies, individuals, or organizations to create proprietary or
Open Source (even if not GPL) modules which may use at runtime the portions of
ReStruct which fall under our copyright/license umbrella, or are distributed
under more flexible licenses than GPL.

If you wish to use our code in other GPL programs, don't worry -- there is no
requirement that you provide the same exception in your GPL'd products (although
if you've written a module for ReStruct we would strongly encourage you to make
the same exception that we do).

In addition, ReStruct implements many other communications protocols.  It is our
belief that applications using these protocols to manage or control a ReStruct
instance do not have to be licensed under the GPL or a compatible license, as we
believe these protocols do not create a 'derivative work' as referred to in the
GPL.  However, should any court or other judiciary body find that these
protocols do fall under the terms of the GPL, then we hereby grant you a license
to use these protocols in combination with ReStruct in external applications
licensed under any license you wish.

If you have any questions regarding our licensing policy, please contact us:

+1.780.920.5571
contact@webheroes.ca

Web Heroes Inc.
18354 - 118 Avenue NW
Edmonton, AB
Canada T5S 2G2
